
=head1 NAME

gosa-si-server -Support infrastructure for GOsa

=head1 SYNOPSIS

gosa-si-server [-hvf] [-c config]

=head1 OPTIONS

B<-h>, B<--help>
    print out this help message

B<-v>, B<--verbose>
    be verbose (multiple v's will increase verbosity) 
    -v          ERROR level
    -vvv        WARNING  + ERROR level
    -vvvvv      INFO + WARNING level
    -vvvvvvv    DEBUG + INFO level
    -vvvvvvvvv  in and out going xml messages will be displayed

B<-f>, B<--foreground> 
    foregroud, process will not be forked to background

B<-c> I<file>, B<--config=>I<file>
    configuration file, default F</etc/gosa-si/server.conf>

B<--no-arp>
    starts script without connection to arp module

B<-d> <int> 
    if verbose level is higher than 7 'v' specified parts can be debugged

      1 : receiving messages
      2 : sending messages
      4 : encrypting/decrypting messages
      8 : verification if a message complies gosa-si requirements
     16 : message processing
     32 : ldap connectivity
     64 : database status and connectivity
    128 : main process
    256 : creation of packages_list_db
    512 : ARP debug information


=head1 DESCRIPTION

gosa-si-server  belongs  to  the  support infrastructure of GOsa.  Several gosa-si-clients can connect to one gosa-si-server.  The server take care of the message forwarding from GOsa to si-clients.  At the client site each message is related to a working instruction which will be executed there.  Depending of the message an answer from the client to GOsa via the server is possible.  Additional to answers clients reporting events  or  information  to the server.  The server registers himself at other servers in network and shares his knowledge with them.  So messages to clients which are no registrated locally will be forward to the client corresponding server. The communication within the complete SI nework is realised by XML messages.


=head1 BUGS 

Please report any bugs, or post any suggestions, to the GOsa mailing list <gosa-devel@oss.gonicus.de> or to <https://oss.gonicus.de/labs/gosa>


=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

This code is part of GOsa (L<http://www.gosa-project.org>)

Copyright (C) 2003-2010 GONICUS GmbH

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

=cut



